playground/data/llava-bench-in-the-wild/README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# LLaVA-Bench-In-the-Wild (Japanese)

English | [日本語](./ja/README_ja.md)

</div>

LLaVA-Bench-In-the-Wild (Japanese) is the Japanese version dataset of LLaVA-Bench-In-the-Wild. It has been translated into Japanese using DeepL.

The `llava-bench-in-the-wild/en/*.jsonl` files have been copied from Hugging Face's [liuhaotian/llava-bench-in-the-wild](https://huggingface.co/datasets/liuhaotian/llava-bench-in-the-wild/tree/main).

# Download Dataset
Download `images/` from Hugging Face's [liuhaotian/llava-bench-in-the-wild](https://huggingface.co/datasets/liuhaotian/llava-bench-in-the-wild) and place them under `playground/data/llava-bench-in-the-wild/`.

# Guide to VLM APIs
When evaluating Closed Models such as GPT-4V, Claude 3, and Gemini Vision Pro, please refer to the following:

## Gemini
For the full guide, please visit the [Gemini API: Quickstart with Python](https://ai.google.dev/tutorials/python_quickstart).

1. Install the Python SDK
```
pip install -q -U google-generativeai
```

2. Setup your Gemini API Key

Before you can use the Gemini API, you must first obtain an API key. If you don't already have one, create a key with one click in [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey).


```
export GEMINI_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY>
```

3. Inference

```
python ./playground/scripts/inference_gemini.py
```

# License

Released under the [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: add a script to perform inference using the Claude3 model (#39)
* feat: add a script to perform inference using the Claude3 model

* feat: add description to use Claude3 API

* chore: insert a final line

* feat: set maxlength 256

* chore: add blank lines

* chore: isort

playground/data/llava-bench-in-the-wild/README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# LLaVA-Bench-In-the-Wild (Japanese)

English | [日本語](./ja/README_ja.md)

</div>

LLaVA-Bench-In-the-Wild (Japanese) is the Japanese version dataset of LLaVA-Bench-In-the-Wild. It has been translated into Japanese using DeepL.

The `llava-bench-in-the-wild/en/*.jsonl` files have been copied from Hugging Face's [liuhaotian/llava-bench-in-the-wild](https://huggingface.co/datasets/liuhaotian/llava-bench-in-the-wild/tree/main).

# Download Dataset
Download `images/` from Hugging Face's [liuhaotian/llava-bench-in-the-wild](https://huggingface.co/datasets/liuhaotian/llava-bench-in-the-wild) and place them under `playground/data/llava-bench-in-the-wild/`.

# Guide to VLM APIs
When evaluating Closed Models such as GPT-4V, Claude 3, and Gemini Vision Pro, please refer to the following:

## Gemini
For the full guide, please visit the [Gemini API: Quickstart with Python](https://ai.google.dev/tutorials/python_quickstart).

1. Install the Python SDK
```
pip install -q -U google-generativeai
```

2. Setup your Gemini API Key

Before you can use the Gemini API, you must first obtain an API key. If you don't already have one, create a key with one click in [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey).


```
export GEMINI_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY>
```

3. Inference

```
python ./playground/scripts/inference_gemini.py
```

## Claude 3

1. Install the Python SDK

```
pip install anthropic
```

2. Setup your ANTHROPIC API Key

Before you can use ANTHROPIC API, you must first obain an API Key. Visit [ANTHROPIC API Reference](https://docs.anthropic.com/claude/reference/getting-started-with-the-api) to create a key.

```
export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY="<YOUR_API_KEY>"
```

3. Inference

You can see the model family in the [Model Overview](https://docs.anthropic.com/claude/docs/models-overview).

```
python ./playground/scripts/inference_claude3.py
```

# License

Released under the [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE).
